so what mystery do I have inside here oh
it's another keyboard video light is why
do you keep doing this to us well I
think it's because coolermaster is like
determined to get you to stop using mais
IL 60 and I gotta say having only before
used tofurkey switches the high-end
electrostatic capacitive key switches on
the Nova touch series in Suites at trade
shows and never in the comfort of my own
home doing my own work I thought this
was going to end up being a very
negative video and while they're still
not my favorite thing in the world I
might have judged them too hastily
before Corsair gaming RGB keyboards
feature precision Cherry MX RGB key
switches for sixteen point eight million
color / key backlighting for virtually
unlimited customization click now to
learn more so let's start with a
physical tour first up it's a 10 keyless
which means it's not going to make its
way onto my desk no matter what I'm just
not ready to give up my number pad yet
but the rest of the features are
actually pretty solid we've got support
for any key rollover over USB in Windows
something that may end up being a big
selling point for shoppers built-in
media keys that can be accessed with a
function modifier a windows lock key and
finally repeat rate modification which
lets you change what happens when you
hold down a key 1 X looks like this 2 X
looks like this 4 X looks like this and
8 X looks like this as you can see not
too useful for typing but for executing
commands within human speed in games
hell there you go pretty handy on the
sides in the front we find not a whole
lot of anything on the bottom we find 4
rubber pads and 2 rubber tipped feet
that will angle the keyboard up if you
prefer that orientation then at the back
we find the only visible CM storm
branding it's subtle and the user will
never have to look at it if they prefer
a cleaner overall look on the back we
also find the removable braided cable
that terminates in a micro USB cooler
master WTF guys I let it slide last time
but if you guys are wholesale switching
to micro / mini be
I have one question why anyway finally
on top we find some unexceptional
looking key caps and if you buy a nova
touch you'll likely notice how quickly
the laser etched white back filled
characters fade to a dingy looking brown
that is normal but the key caps in spite
of their sort of unexceptional looking
this especially compared to cooler
masters other stuff where it's all like
LEDs and stuff the key caps are still
actually where things get interesting
because unlike other Topor keyboards
where you're pretty much stuck with
whatever key caps come in the box the
Nova touch tkl uses a custom purple 45
grams slider across the board that has
the standard circular stem and across
Cherry MX compatible stem meaning that
you can use the included key cap puller
to strip the board naked and swap the
included ones with pretty much any key
caps out there that are compatible with
cherry and NEX equipped keyboards pretty
sweet but I think the next question is
with the reputation of Cherry MX
mechanical keyboards why would you even
want a taupe or keyboard most people
haven't even heard of it
great question the typing experience is
very different from cherry and while I
don't really prefer it per se I was able
to adapt to it extremely quickly I think
part of the reason for this is that as
much as I advocate for Cherry MX
mechanical keyboards and I find them
generally more comfortable and faster
than rubber domes the keyboard that I've
actually typed on more than any other is
a Gen 1 Logitech G 15mm brain keyboard
so the topor typing experience because
the keys contain a spring but actually
use a rubber dome for resistance and
tactile feedback is much like that
keyboard but with a nice long travel a
more consistent feel and improved
comfort I still find the tactile bump
right at the top of the key press a
little bit disconcerting
by contrast Cherry's tactile bump is
around the halfway mark very close to
the actuation point which means that if
you normally feel for the tactile bump
and try to avoid bottoming out your
keystrokes with Terry it's easy
and with this one it's much more
difficult but for me I lack finesse and
I usually bottom out every time as I
type anyway so yeah so anyway with all
of that said the bottom line is that I
actually found that for typing within
about 10 minutes I was as fast and as
accurate as my cherry MX keyboard that
I've been using for a couple of years
pretty darn impressive but for me and
your mileage may vary especially here
because this is keyboards gaming was
where this keyboard really Shawn maybe
again it's because over the years I've
spent many more hours gaming on the g15
gen 1 than probably every other keyboard
that I've used combined but coming from
a regular membrane keyboard to the Nova
touch was an absolute treat to game on
you won't get that same lightness of
touch that many gamers who like Cherry
MX reds or blacks will be looking for
where you only have to go half way down
and it's very easy to control but if
you're coming from a membrane and want
something similar without the Machinists
of a cheapo keyboard I think you'll find
yourself very pleasantly surprised by
this little guy so that's where we're at
I guess I missed one thing Coolermaster
includes a bag of a rings so you can
actually shorten the keystroke a bit and
silence a little bit more but I found
that particularly for typing the
keyboard was so quiet anyway to begin
with that I didn't need to use them for
that and because I'm a bit of a
brute-force typist and I like that nice
long travel I left the o-rings off but
all this is very personal and as usual
with any kind of keyboard purchase I'd
really recommend trying it before you
buy it if there's any way that you
possibly can
if you can't then I hope that you found
my first experience with the well the
first really key cat modding friendly
topor keyboard somewhat helpful guys
like this video if you liked it dislike
it if you disliked it leave a comment
and let us know what's your favorite
keyboard type have you ever tried a
Topor what do you think of it very very
curious and also in the video
description although I didn't say
anything that was in the video
description just now but I'm not going
to worry too much about that there's a
support us link where you can buy a
t-shirt like this cool one that I'm
wearing right now you can give us
monthly contribution if you like the
work that we do and you can change your
amazon bookmark to one that has our
affiliate code in it all of that is very
very helpful thank you for watching
again and as always don't forget to
subscribe
scribe if you haven't already